The next topic is cost.
We all know that when you submit a transaction to
the blockchain for Ethereum in particular and some other blockchains as well,
there is a transaction cost in the form of gas.
Many users are not used to this paradigm,
especially users who are entering the new world of cryptocurrency.
They are used to credit cards et cetera,
where the actual transaction cost is hidden and paid by the vendor.
They're also not used to this experience
where they might undertake a transaction it might fail, however,
they are still charged for that and they will put
the blame on the creator of the DAP or whatever service that is being used.
So it's important for you to communicate through the DAP about
what exactly a transaction cost is going to be and also
inform the user that this is a blockchain cost and
that it is not being charged by the service and also inform them that
there's a possibility that if the transaction does not fully complete
a portion of the cost of the transaction will still be levied.
This is super important when building user confidence in your application
early on because if you don't do this, ultimately,
if there are failing transactions because of blockchain speed et cetera,
it's your DAP and by association you or
your organization that is looked on unfavorably by the user.
So it's very easy to mitigate and be very clear about
the transaction costs and make sure that the user knows that they might
not get their full transaction back if
the process is interrupted or fails due to a requirement.
So those were the first three user experience topics.
Let's pause here and take a quick quiz.
So the question is,
blockchain transactions can take an indeterminate amount of time to process.
What technique can you use to help the user understand this concept?